Sid: A man who raped and murdered 30 women
was arrested by an invisible force.
Next on this edition of It's Supernatural!
[music]
Centuries have come and gone offering wisdom
and understanding throughout the ages.
Today there should be nothing beyond one's
power to discover.
And yet the strange, unusual and mysterious
world of the supernatural defies understanding.
Stay tuned for a unique and powerful investigation
into a curious undiscovered universe only
on It's Supernatural!
[music]
Sid: Hello. I'm Sid Roth your investigative reporter.
It's going to be hard for you to believe,
but on December 11, 1981, a woman was praying
and she felt an impression to go to a K-Mart
Department Store.
And she drove to the store, got out of her
car and, Margy Palm, what happened?
Margy: Well I was walking to my car and when
I got to the car I felt something in my back
and I thought, what is that?
And I turned around and there was this man
standing there.
He was shaking and crying, and he was dressed
in black.
He had a gun about that big, not a small hand
gun, a big 38-caliber revolver, and he had
it stuck in me.
And when I turned around he stuck it right
here.
And he said, "I am the man who killed the
girl last night at," he was at a bar in San
Antonio, Texas, where I lived.
And he said, "And I have cut a man's heart
out in prison and if you don't do exactly
what I tell you to do I'm going to kill you."
And I knew he was serious.
I had never seen anybody remotely like this
man except on TV.
And so, and the other thing was I hadn't read
the paper, so I didn't know that this man
had done this.
But it was headlines of our papers, newspapers,
and friends of mine told me there were helicopters
circling San Antonio looking for this man.
Sid: So I mean, what he said was bad enough.
Margy: Yeah.
Sid: But had you known that this was the man
that murdered and raped 30 women?
Margy: Yeah.
Sid: And the thing that's kind of amazing
is there was a certain profile he was looking for.
He was looking for a woman, because these are the women that he had murdered and raped previously,
that looked exactly like Margy.
But she didn't know any of this.
So the gun is in your ribs.
What's the first thing you thought?
Margy: Well the first thing I thought was
I'm going to die today.
That was the first thought that came into
my mind.
And I could feel this terror trying to come
on me.
I could feel my body starting to shake.
And then out of my mouth, it was very interesting,
out of my mouth came the words, "Do you know
Jesus Christ?"
Sid: You're saying with a gun in your ribs,
"Do you know Jesus Christ?"
What did he say?
Margy: He said, "No, I don't want to know
Jesus Christ, lady."
He said, "Get in the car and sit on your hands
until I decide what we're going to do."
So I got in the car.
I sat in the passenger side of the car.
And he told me, sit on my hands, which I did,
and he stuck his gun right here in my ribs,
and he told me, "If you try to escape I will
shoot this gun and kill you."
So and I knew he was serious.
I had never seen anybody like this man.
So anyway, I started to pray, and I was like
this in my car, and I was praying, and all
of a sudden I saw a, like a picture inside
of myself, and I also saw scriptures from
the Bible, like there they were in front of
me.
And one of the scriptures said, "I have given
you authority over serpents and scorpions,
and over all of the power of the enemy, nothing
shall by any means can hurt you."
Sid: Did this help you?
Margy: Yes, it helped me.
I mean, I had been a believer in Jesus for
many years.
And of course, you know, this man is telling
me he's going to kill me, and I'm seeing what
God, I felt that this was what God was telling
me, was the scripture.
And then I saw the scripture that said, "These
signs shall follow them that believe.
They shall cast out demons."
So then I saw a picture of myself take my
hand from under myself and put them on his
head, and command these demonic spirits to
come out of him, which might sound very strange.
Sid: Margy, this whole deal is unreal to me.
It's unreal.
So you're getting all these messages from
God.
Margy: Getting all these messages from God.
Sid: But in the meantime, there's a real life
man.
Margy: Right.
Sid: That's a maniac with a gun right next
to you in control.
Margy: Right.
But you know, the Bible says you're not wrestling
with flesh and blood.
In other words, you're not wrestling with
a human being.
You are wrestling with principalities, powers
and rulers of darkness of this world.
It says you're wrestling with a demonic spirit
many times.
And I mean, I knew this man was filled with
that.
He was so filled with hatred and fear, and
he was just, you could see it all over him.
Sid: Did you pray for him?
Margy: So and I believe the Bible.
Sid: But did you pray for him?
Margy: I did.
That was the next thing I did and that, this
probably was the hardest thing, one of the
hardest things I did all day because, you
know, the Bible says to have faith, and faith
is believing what God says and then doing
it.
So I had to believe so much what I was
seeing that I did it.
And I thought to myself, if this is not God,
I'm dead.
Sid: For sure.
Margy: If I'm just making this up.
So I took my, I said, I didn't look at him,
I said, "I'm going to pray for you."
And he said, "Lady, you're not going to pray
for me."
And I said, "Yes I am."
I took my hands out from under myself, I put
them on his head and said, "In the name of
Jesus, I use the authority of the name of
Jesus and I command every demonic spirit to
come out of you, out of this man I command
it to leave my car, I command the spirit of
death to leave my car and I'm telling you,
today, that this man will be serving Jesus
before today is over."
And I mean, I was screaming this in the car.
Sid: What was he doing?
Margy: Well I think I, I think he was just
frozen.
He probably never had anything like that happen,
obviously.
Sid: I'm sure the other 30 women didn't do
that.
Margy: I sat back down and I sat, put my hands
back under myself, and I kind of went like this.
And the next thing he said, "Oh my gosh, I'm
in a car with a religious freak."
Sid: He really was.
Margy: And he said, "Are you conning me?"
And I said, "I've never even heard anybody
say that to me."
And I said, "No, this is real.
I'm really like this."
And that morning, I put my Bible in my car
and this book of scriptures that I had been
compiling.
And so I said, "Look, do you think that's
normal for a girl to carry a bible and a book
of scripture, and evangelistic tapes I had
in my car."
And I said, "Do you think that's normal?"
And he said, "No, I don't think it's normal."
And I said, "This is real."
I mean, I said, "You, God put you," all of
a sudden I was realizing that God had put
him in my car.
And the other thing I was realizing was that
the fear and terror that was in the car had
left.
After I prayed all of a sudden this peace
came in the car. And uh...
Sid: Listen, you think you have problems,
how would you like to have been in that car
that Margy was in?
I know you'll be back.
We'll be back in just a moment.
[music]
Hello YouTube mishpochah!
Mishpochah is a Hebrew word; it means family.
This is Sid Roth.
Welcome to my world where it’s naturally
supernatural!
If you’ve been blessed by this show, please
subscribe.
Then click the bell so you won’t miss a
single episode of It’s Supernatural!
[music]
Sid: Hello. I'm Sid Roth your investigative
reporter and we have a word in Hebrew.
It's called "chutzpah." It means nerve.
And Margy Palm had nerve.
She was in a car with a psychopathic rapist-murderer,
had just murdered 30 women that looked exactly
like her, one just a few hours earlier.
And she puts her hands on him and prays that
he be set free.
He calls her a religious fanatic and he drives
her to a secluded spot.
And what happened next, Margy?
Margy: Well the next thing that happened was
he said to me, "I don't know why, but I don't
feel like raping you.
I feel more love coming out you than anybody
I've ever known in my life.
I don't know why.
I don't understand.
Are you an angel?
Who are you?
And I don't understand why you're not afraid
of me."
And I said, "Well you know, Jesus is not going
to appear to you unless it's a phenomena that
he appears through his people.
And you are being confronted with Jesus Christ
today with his love because all he was telling me."
He said, "I have so much hatred in me if
there is a God and there is no way you can
get it out of me."
And I was saying, I would say, "Well there's
no, the only reason I'm in this car is because
God put me in the car with you."
And so when I wasn't afraid of him he started
thinking I was an angel.
But that was, the reason I didn't have fear
is because God's power was in the car.
I mean, you know, He said, there's a scripture
that says, "There's no fear in love.
Perfect love casts out fear."
And he was feeling that.
Sid: Now what did you feel towards him?
Margy: That was the other amazing thing, was,
you know, at first, I felt that fear.
But after I prayed that prayer this peace
came into my car and I felt this overwhelming
compassion toward him that I don't know that
I've ever felt that much compassion for anybody
that hates me and is trying to kill me.
But I felt this overwhelming love and mercy
and compassion for him, and I kept hearing
God seemed to be telling me over and over,
"My mercy endures forever".
And I felt, I kept thinking to myself, this
is God's love.
This is how God loves people.
Sid: And a man that's separated from God as
this man could feel that love was able to
penetrate it.
Margy: Yeah, it was penetrating him because
even, after a while, I mean, you know, he'd
be saying horrible words, cussing up a
storm, really.
But every time he'd say a cuss word, he'd
say, "I'm so sorry, lady, I'm saying that.
I am so sorry.
I know that's offending you."
He was starting to become convicted every
time he'd say a word, a word that might be
offensive to me, which was very interesting.
Then we started talking and, you know, he
said, "I'm never going back to prison again."
And I said, "Well you're in a prison.
Right now you're in a prison of hate."
And I said, "There are people that go into
prisons and help prisoners, evangelists."
And he said, "Well like name one."
So I named an evangelist, Kenneth Copeland,
who I named.
And he said, "Well where does this man live?"
And I said, "Well he lives in Fort Worth."
And he said, "Well I want to go up and see him."
And I said, "Well I don't know this man personally."
So he said, "But I want us to go up there."
So that's exactly what happened.
We ended up, and he wanted to go up through
Austin.
And when he said that to me, I saw a picture,
and I'm sure it was from God, because I saw
a road blockade all around Austin.
And then I saw a picture of Kerrville, Texas,
and I felt that God was telling me to tell
him we're supposed to go to Kerrville.
And I saw him getting on a bus, and I said,
"You need to get, you're supposed to get on
a bus."
And I told him all this stuff, which all sounds
very bizarre and crazy, except this is all
written in the newspaper in San Antonio.
I mean, it's not, you know, it sounds like
I made it up.
Sid: So basically you had a vision.
Margy: I had a vision.
Sid: Showing you there was this road block.
He must have thought you were nuts, but how
did he think that you were telling the truth?
Margy: Well after I told him this, he said,
"I want you to go into that convenience store
there and get me a paper, cigarettes and beer."
Sid: He was really trusting you at this point
because you have gone out the back door.
Margy: Yeah, I could have.
Sid: Or told the man, I've got a psychopath
with a gun on me.
Margy: Yeah, I really could have, but I really
believed that God had put me there.
I really, I felt this peace in me.
I felt that God had really put me in the situation.
So I bought the beer, I bought the cigarettes,
I bought the paper.
And I looked down on the paper, and I noticed
he was the headline of the paper.
And it was amazing to me when I looked at
it I still didn't have fear when I looked at it.
When I took it back to the car and he started
reading the paper, and he said, "How did,
have you read this paper before?"
And I said, no.
And he said, he read me the first paragraph,
and in the first paragraph it talked about
a road blockade around Austin.
Sid: Exactly what you had seen in the vision.
So he knew you were hearing from God.
Margy: Yeah, yeah.
I said, "That's God."
Sid: So did he not–
Margy: Yeah.
He said, "Now where are we supposed to go?"
Sid: He's now asking you and you're the one
he's going to murder and rape.
Margy: He's asking me.
Sid: Let me tell you something.
If God could love this man, comprehend
how much God could love you.
God has so much love that you never even experienced
that you're about to experience.
We'll be back right after this word.
[music]
Sid: I want to go to the control room and find
out who will be on next week.
Janie, who's up?
Janie: You'll be interviewing a woman by the
name of Rose Price and she experienced the
horrors of the Holocaust.
Nearly 100 of her relatives died in the Holocaust
and Rose herself was experimented on and tortured,
and she had so much hate that she ended up
moving to America, and I mean, she didn't
die in the Holocaust, which was a miracle.
But she still had hate, hatred towards the
German people.
And when she moved to America she got married,
had children.
And when her daughter was a teenager, she
said, "Mommy, I believe in Jesus."
And Rose felt betrayed because she thought
it was in Jesus' name that her whole family
was killed.
And so Rose wanted to just prove to her family
that this Jesus is not the Messiah.
And so she just ended up searching the scriptures,
and she ended up finding out that Jesus really
was the Messiah, and he gave her supernatural
forgiveness for the German people.
Sid: I can't wait for that. Thank you, Janie.
Now Margy, here you are in the car with this
psychopath who's murdered 30 women that looked
just you, murdered and raped.
And all of a sudden he's taking direction
from you because God supernaturally– He realized
it's God speaking through you.
And he even had the trust to let you call
your husband?
Margy: Yeah.
He told me to call my husband.
So I called home and all of a sudden–
Sid: Why did he tell you to call your husband?
Margy: Well you know, he said, all day he
kept saying, "I don't know if I'm going to
be able to let you go or not."
And you know, he just changed his mind.
He said, "Call your husband."
So I called my husband and when my husband
answered the phone, all of a sudden, the calm
that I had all day went out the window.
I started shaking.
Sid: I'm sure.
Margy: When I heard his voice I started thinking,
am I going to see my family again and things
like that.
And anyway, when I got off the phone, Stephen
was standing there with the gun on me, and
he said, "You're really upset."
And I put my hands on him and I said, "In
Jesus' name, I take authority in Jesus' name
over the spirit of fear and command it to
leave me."
And it left immediately, and that peace came
back on me.
And I said–
Sid: Why didn't you tell your husband what
was going on?
He wouldn't have known.
Margy: Because Stephen was standing right
there.
Sid: Oh I see.
Margy: Yeah, he was standing right there with
a gun on me when I was on the phone.
Sid: Okay.
Margy: So I couldn't tell him.
And he knew something was wrong, and he kept
saying, what's the matter.
I said, "I'll be home later.
I'm out shopping."
It was Christmas time.
So you know, he just let it go at that.
And so after I got off the phone I was shaken
up.
But God's peace came back on me right after
I prayed.
And we got back in the car and started going
up to Kerrville where I had seen God showed
us to go.
And so on the over out there, Stephen started
telling me that he had this son.
And he said, "I haven't told you this, but
I have a son."
And I said, "Well I want to ask you a question.
If this son had committed the same crimes
that you've committed, I don't know what they
are, if he had done exactly what you did and
had done, would you be willing to die for
him and let's just say there is hell, would
you be willing to go hell and pay for all
of these crimes, that God would say, you do
this, you're going to pay for every crime
that your son has committed.
Would you be willing to die and go to hell
for him?
And I want to know if you could still love
your son if he had done those kind of crimes?
Would you forgive him?"
Sid: That's a very penetrating question.
Margy: So it was.
He said, "Well that's a hard question, lady."
And I said, "You need to answer it.
I want you to answer me."
And he said, "Well you know what–"
Sid: You're saying to a man, a psychopath
with a gun that you need to answer it.
Lady, you got chutzpah.
Margy: So he said, "You know what, I would
die for my son.
I would die for him and I would forgive him."
And I said, "Well you know, that's exactly
what Jesus Christ did for you."
And he just looked at me and he said, "You've
been preaching to me all day and I finally
understand what you're trying to say."
And then we just kind of drove on in silence
for a while, and all of a sudden he pulled
my car over to the side of the road, and he
was looking all around my car.
He looked in back of him and all over the
place, and I didn't know what he was doing.
Sid: What was he looking for?
Margy: Well he stopped my car on the side
of the road after looking all over the place,
and then his hands went up in the air like
this, and he said, "Jesus, I'm sorry for everything
I've ever done.
Please forgive me.
I want to go to Heaven."
And I just sat there staring at him because
I had not said to do that.
But what had happened was, he told me later,
he said, "Remember when I was looking around
the car?"
And I said, yes.
He said, "I heard an audible voice," and he
said, "it came from up here and it said to
me, "This is the last time I'm going to call
you, Stephen.'"
So he said, "When I heard that voice," now
I didn't hear it, but he heard it.
And he said, "It was very loud."
He said, "I knew it was Jesus."
And he said, "I knew all day everything that
had gone on," you know, he said, "I could
just see the peace that you had and everything,
I realized that this was not a joke.
Everything you said was true and there really
was a Jesus, there is a Jesus and this was
not something you made up."
He said, "I had thought it was just, you know,
you had this strong faith, but I knew it was
something real."
Sid: So look, he's one of the ten most wanted
men in America.
There's helicopters going all over.
Everyone is looking for him.
They're furious to find him.
What did he do next now that he believes in
Jesus?
Margy: Well I mean, at that point in the car,
you know, when he put his hands up after hearing
this voice, he started crying.
And he said, "It's gone.
It's gone."
And I said, "What's gone?"
And he said, "Lady, something just came in
me and all the hatred is gone out of me."
He said, "I've been hating and hating, and
I hated myself, and hated everybody else,
and I feel like I've been cleaned.
I'm clean now."
And I said, "Well you have, what the Bible
says, you have been born again."
He said, "What in the world is that?"
And I said, "When you got born the first time
you have an earthly mother and father, and
you have their blood in you.
You are their seed.
Well when you ask Jesus to come into your
life he puts his seed into you, which is eternal
life, and he becomes, God becomes your father
and Jesus' blood comes into you.
You have supernatural DNA and he washes your
sins away supernaturally."
I said, "It's supernatural."
And he said, "I don't deserve this."
He said, "I don't deserve it, but I feel like
I'm clean, lady."
And he was overwhelmed with this feeling.
And so then we drove on up to Kerrville.
And when we got there, I went into the bus
station, and I said, "Is there a bus going
to Austin any time soon?"
And he said, "In 30 minutes there's a bus
going."
So he, Stephen and I sat there waiting for
this bus, and when I went back to the car,
he said, "Don't tell me, there's a bus going
to Fort Worth."
And I said, "Yeah, the next bus coming in
is going to Fort Worth."
So they eventually caught him and he was executed.
But there is a big prison ministry now as
a result of his life.
Sid: What did he say to the police officer
that arrested him?
Margy: Well he said, "If I had seen you earlier
this morning there would have been a shoot-out
and I would have killed myself, but I met
this lady today and she changed my life, and
I'll never be the same again."
Sid: Looking back in retrospect, how could
you have done that, Margy?
Margy: I couldn't have done it.
Sid: How could you have gone through this?
Margy: I couldn't have done it without Jesus.
It wouldn't be possible.
Sid: I mean, you're just a mom.
Margy: I know, I am.
Well I mean, I couldn't do it without Jesus.
But that morning I said, I will never forget
this, that morning I said, "God, I'll do anything
you want me to do for you."
Don't ever say that if you don't mean it because
God had literally used me.
Sid: Had you not done that?
Margy: Had I not done that I'd be dead.
Sid: You'd be dead.
Margy: I'd be dead.
Sid: Did you hear that?
Remember the voice that this man heard, "This
is your last chance."
I believe that some of you that are watching
me right now, God has been calling you for
a long time and this is your last, last chance.
Pray this prayer with me and mean it to the
best of your ability.
I don't care what you have done, God loves
you.
His love is pouring right through this television
set right now.
There is something happening to you and that's
God's spirit.
Repeat this prayer: Dear God, out loud, Dear
God, I'm a sinner.
Against you and you alone have I sinned.
I believe that Jesus died for my sins and
because of his blood I am clean.
And now that I am clean, I make Jesus my
Messiah and Lord.
Lord Jesus, come inside of me, take over my
life.
I need to know my Father God.
I need to know the goodness of God.
My earthly father made mistakes, but O God,
your love is being poured into me right now.
Fill me.
Say this out loud, fill me in Jesus' name
with your Holy Spirit.
You see, because of Jesus, you've been made
whole.
God says, "I remember your sins no more."
Fill them right now, O God.
Let them experience the love of the Father,
the love, the clean, undefiled love of the
Father.
Let them experience your peace and let nothing
separate them from your love.
Let nothing ever separate them again.
I urge you to get a Bible, start reading it
and start telling God how much you love him
because you are special.
God really, really loves you.
He really does.
He sent me here to tell you.
That's why I'm here.
He loves you.
He loves you. He does.
[music]